there are actually quite a few programs available on campus for students,
particularly those students who want to go on to graduate school,
um in, for instance, research. So so for students who are interested
in in research careers, there's a program called Maximizing Access
to Research Careers or Mark for Short, um, that pairs students with
mentors, faculty mentors and the students do research in the faculty
mentors like under their supervision. Uh, they present projects.
They go to conferences, they get help with grad school applications.
Um, uh, G R E prep. Like all sorts of things, it's a great program.
Um, students are actually paid to be in the program. So if you're admitted
to the program, you do get a stipend as a student for doing
that, and you get funds for the to support the research that you're
doing. Um, there are is the McNair scholars, which is available thio
students from a certain minority groups. Um, and that again is a mentor
intensive program. So you're paired with a mentor. You get a lot
of help with things like writing and time management, um, and resume
prep and um, applications to grad school and things like that. Um,
there are a whole bunch of programs. Sally Casanova, scholarships
for students. Um, going into the biomedical fields. There are a lot
of little like niche programs. So again, one of the places that I would
recommend you go is the office of, like, Financial aid, um, or to
the psychology department, um, they or even the career center. They
should have information about all of the different kind of specialty
programs on campus that air there to serve different groups of students
based on either their backgrounds or based on their interests.